now it's been nearly 48 hours since an
Israeli strike hid the alahi hospital in
Gaza killing hundreds of people and
triggering Global outrage many of the
victims were taking shelter at the
hospital from Israel's Relentless
bombardment of The besieged Enclave the
Episcopal Church in romala in the
occupied West Bank is holding a service
for the victims of the war on Gaza
including the people massacred at the
alahi
hospital H abdulhamid is in rala in the
occupied West Bank Hoda tell us more
about this church service
well the Episcopal Church is actually
overseas uh the AL Hospital in uh Gaza
uh they had it issued a statement
earlier in the day uh denouncing what
had happened in Gaza calling it a crime
against
humanity targeting hospitals and the
church that was were on that ground at
the Episcopal Church saying that that
count amounts to a a crimes against
humanity now this service is just under
way it's basically to pray for all those
who have fallen but it's also a show of
defiance saying the statement clearly
said and the people coming in here
clearly said yes they can hurt us yes
they can try to crush it but we will all
always stand up again it we should be
hearing a later from the priest I think
in his serman there'll be some uh quite
uh harsh words towards what is happening
in Israel and in in Gaza rather and a
lot of a lot of support to Gaza rather
and harsh words towards uh the military
operation that Israel is undertaking at
the
moment HUD on Thursday we saw another
Israeli raid in the occupied West Bank
the arrests and the killings by Israeli
forces uh have just increased so sharply
since the beginning of the war on Gaza
can you give us the context around
that well that is something that is on
going every day all day I'm really sorry
for this um every day you wake up in the
West Bank and you ask what happened
overnight how many uh how many people
were detained how many people were
killed in overnight traes um there is
one a situation a standoff that has been
going on actually since uh for more than
12 hours now that is in the North in
taram so far six people have died there
and the standoff is still ongoing the
area is completely shut down it's a
refugee camp next to tul car completely
sealed off at the moment people can come
can't come in and out and the last we
heard is that electricity and water was
also cut off from the area and then
there were three others that were killed
in also in overnight raids but the
tragic story about this is that these
numbers keep on increasing on a daily
basis every day you have to update your
tally uh there were more than 800 people
who had been detained since October 7th
when this crisis started and one person
I was talking to earlier in the day he
said you know we keep on praying on The
Souls of those who have died but then
next morning we have to start all over
again because next morning there are new
victims uh new fallen new people who
have been killed so it is just this
continuous uh cycle of death and
violence that is in the West Bank and
that has been going on since before this
crisis and it's just ever since October
7th a big Turning Point things have
become much worse uh for anyone living
in the occupied West Bank the number of
settler attacks which used to be on
average three per day according to the
UN humanitarian agency here well now
they're at least on average eight a day
so as you can see these numbers are
incre increasing disproportionately and
one of the reasons Hamas uh said that it
had carry out this operation that it
wanted to put pressure on Israel is also
because of what the Palestinians and the
occupied West Bank go through on a daily
basis it's a different kind of of of of
occupation and Gaza is under siege whole
year long but here in this part of the
occupied territories the friction with
the occupation is constant day and night
and you never know if you're a
Palestinian from it's coming to you Huda
thank you very much that's alaz ABD
Hamid you're in rala you're reporting
from the church service that was being
held for the victims of the Israeli
attack on the uh Hospital in Gaza